README.md, before:

# Mura Music Player

The Mura Music Player is a Mura plugin that uses [23rd & Walnut's Fullscreen Media Player](http://codecanyon.net/item/fullscreen-music-player/106710?ref=23andwalnut).  To use the plugin you must purchase a license for the Fullscreen Media Player from [CodeCanyon](http://codecanyon.net/item/fullscreen-music-player/106710?ref=23andwalnut).

## License
![Creative Commons License](http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/3.0/88x31.png)

Mura Music Player by [David Long](http://www.davejlong.com) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).


## Installing Fullscreen Media Player
After [buying](http://codecanyon.net/item/fullscreen-music-player/106710?ref=23andwalnut), downloading and unzipping the music player you must copy the directories as follows:

- **{SOURCE}** - **{TARGET}**
- css/style.css - assets/css/style.css
- images/\* -assets/ images/\*
- js/openMediaPlayer-min.js - assets/js/openMediaPlayer-min.js
- js/ttwFullScreenMusic.js - assets/js/ttwFullScreenMusic.js

## Using Mura Music Player
Mura Music Player is very easy to use out of the box.  On a content page page that you want to put a playlist create an unordered list of links to media files.  Also works in components.  For example:

	<ul class="playlist">
		<li><a href="/default/assets/Music/To_The_Trees/01_The_Hitchhiker.mp3">The Hitchhiker</a></li>
		<li><a href="/default/assets/Music/To_The_Trees/02_My_Harmony.mp3">My Harmony</a></li>
	</ul>

## Changeset

- 1.0.25 - Ability to create a playlist in content editor for Site Manager and Components Manager

## Future Releases

-2.0 - Functionality to create reusable playlists in an administration tool.

Commit message:

added instructions for building plugin

README.md, after:

# Mura Music Player

The Mura Music Player is a Mura plugin that uses [23rd & Walnut's Fullscreen Media Player](http://codecanyon.net/item/fullscreen-music-player/106710?ref=23andwalnut).  To use the plugin you must purchase a license for the Fullscreen Media Player from [CodeCanyon](http://codecanyon.net/item/fullscreen-music-player/106710?ref=23andwalnut).

## License
![Creative Commons License](http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/3.0/88x31.png)

Mura Music Player by [David Long](http://www.davejlong.com) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).

## Installing Fullscreen Media Player
After [buying](http://codecanyon.net/item/fullscreen-music-player/106710?ref=23andwalnut), downloading and unzipping the music player you must copy the directories as follows:

- **{SOURCE}** - **{TARGET}**
- css/style.css - assets/css/style.css
- images/\* -assets/ images/\*
- js/openMediaPlayer-min.js - assets/js/openMediaPlayer-min.js
- js/ttwFullScreenMusic.js - assets/js/ttwFullScreenMusic.js

## Building from Source
Due to licensing for the media player, I cannot post a fully working plugin to downlaod.  Instead the plugin needs to be built from source using Apache Ant after installing the Fullscreen Media Player.

In order to build the plugin run the ant script with the default target to have the plugin created in the builds directory.

## Using Mura Music Player
Mura Music Player is very easy to use out of the box.  On a content page page that you want to put a playlist create an unordered list of links to media files.  Also works in components.  For example:

	<ul class="playlist">
		<li><a href="/default/assets/Music/To_The_Trees/01_The_Hitchhiker.mp3">The Hitchhiker</a></li>
		<li><a href="/default/assets/Music/To_The_Trees/02_My_Harmony.mp3">My Harmony</a></li>
	</ul>

## Changeset

- 1.0.29 - Ability to create a playlist in content editor for Site Manager and Components Manager

## Future Releases

-2.0 - Functionality to create reusable playlists in an administration tool.
